FOCUS feature level introduction - mandatory / conditional / optional (#331)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/usageunit.md

The Usage Unit represents a provider-specified measurement unit indicating how a provider measures usage or purchase of a given SKU associated with a [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service). Usage Unit complements the [Usage Quantity](#usagequantity) metric. It is often listed at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to the [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit) (complementary to [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity)), and focuses on *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.

> The UsageUnit column MUST be present in the billing data when the provider supports the measurement of usage. This column MUST be of type String. UsageUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" or "Purchase" and MAY be null for other ChargeCategory values. Units of measure used in UsageUnit SHOULD adhere to the values and format requirements specified in the [UnitFormat](#unitformat) attribute. The UsageUnit column MUST NOT be used to determine values related to any pricing or cost metrics.

Reviewer: This feels a bit abstract. Can we bind it to UsageQuantity being present?
```suggestion
The UsageUnit column MUST be present in the billing data when [UsageQuantity](#usagequantity) is present. This column MUST be of type String. UsageUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" or "Purchase" and MAY be null for other ChargeCategory values. Units of measure used in UsageUnit SHOULD adhere to the values and format requirements specified in the [UnitFormat](#unitformat) attribute. The UsageUnit column MUST NOT be used to determine values related to any pricing or cost metrics.
```

Author: It's the same clause in UsageQuantity and UsageUnit. Otherwise, we unnecessarily create a link where someone has to go look up when the related column is present (which is the same reason - in this case).
